<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<article id="kamera" lang="&language;">
<title>&kamera; : Digital Camera</title>
<articleinfo>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Burkhard</firstname>
<surname>Lück</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>lueck@hube-lueck.de</email></address>
</affiliation>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2018-03-23</date>
<releaseinfo>Applications 18.04</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>camera</keyword>
<keyword>photo</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<para>
This module allows you to configure support for your digital camera.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Add</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>
Click this button to select the camera's model and the port it is connected
to on your computer (&eg; USB, Serial). If your camera does not
appear in the list of <guilabel>Supported Cameras</guilabel>, go to the
<ulink url="http://www.gphoto.org">GPhoto web site</ulink> for a possible update.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Test</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>Click this button to test the connection to the selected camera.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Remove</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>Removes the selected camera from the list.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Configure</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>Click this button to change the configuration of the selected camera. 
The availability of this feature and the contents of the Configuration dialog 
depend on the camera model.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Information</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>Click this button to view a summary of the current status of the selected 
camera. The availability of this feature and the contents of the Information 
dialog depend on the camera model.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term><guibutton>Cancel</guibutton></term>
<listitem>
<para>Click this button to cancel the current camera operation.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

</variablelist>

<para>To view and download images from the digital camera, enter 
<userinput>camera:/</userinput> in &konqueror;&apos;s or &dolphin;&apos;s location bar.
</para>

</article>

<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-minimize-attributes:nil
sgml-general-insert-case:lower
sgml-indent-step:0
sgml-indent-data:nil
End:

// vim:ts=2:sw=2:tw=78:noet
-->
